v2.0.0 (#5)
eclipse-glsp/glsp-playwright: CHANGELOG.md

# Eclipse GLSP Playwright Changelog

## [v2.0.0 - 24/10/2023]((https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-playwright/releases/tag/v2.0.0))

Inception of the GLSP Playwright project.

> This project provides aPlaywright-based framework for testing GLSP diagrams in different integration scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides a Playwright-based page object framework for testing GLSP diagrams in different tool platform integration scenarios.
```
